[Getting started][Product analytics] Add installation page (#6415)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/Installation.mdx

Reviewer: File name should be lowercase `contents/docs/product-analytics/installation.mdx`

Reviewer: Sidebar is broken otherwise

---
title: Product analytics installation
sidebar: Docs
showTitle: true
availability:
    free: none
    selfServe: full
    enterprise: full
---
import Tab from "components/Tab"
import Frameworks from "../integrate/\_snippets/frameworks.mdx"
import API from "../integrate/\_snippets/api.mdx"
import WebInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-web.mdx'
import ReactInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-react.mdx'
import NodeInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-node.mdx'
import PythonInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-python.mdx'
import PHPInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-php.mdx'
import RubyInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-ruby.mdx'
import GoInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-go.mdx'
import ReactNativeInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-react-native.mdx'
import AndroidInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-android.mdx'
import IOSInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-ios.mdx'
import JavaInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-go.mdx'
import RustInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-react-native.mdx'

> import FlutterInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-android.mdx'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import FlutterInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-flutter.mdx'
```

> import ElixirInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-ios.mdx'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import ElixirInstall from '../integrate/_snippets/install-elixir.mdx'
```

> Product analytics empower you to gather and analyze data on how users interact with your product. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Product analytics enable you to gather and analyze data about how users interact with your product. 
```

        <Tab>Ruby</Tab>
        <Tab>Go</Tab>
        <Tab>React Native</Tab>
        <Tab>Android</Tab>
        <Tab>iOS</Tab>
        <Tab>Java</Tab>
        <Tab>Rust</Tab>
        <Tab>Elixir</Tab>
        <Tab>Flutter</Tab>
        <Tab count="11">Framework guides</Tab>
        <Tab>API</Tab>
    </Tab.List>
    <Tab.Panels>
            <Tab.Panel>
            <WebInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <ReactInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <NodeInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <PythonInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <PHPInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <RubyInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <GoInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <ReactNativeInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <AndroidInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <IOSInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
            <JavaInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>
           <RustInstall />
        </Tab.Panel>
        <Tab.Panel>

>             <ElixirSDK />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <ElixirInstall />
```
